This is what I have for you.
I want to show you, starting off, one of the prophetic words that I've given you all in prayer was about the fish.
Do you remember I said I saw the fish rolling in on the waves?
Whenever I was seeing, I saw thousands of fish rolling in, and I said they're coming up from the water.
I don't know what caused this, but I could just see them, and as they were coming in, they were on the shore.
There were so many of them, and the Lord told me it's going to stink because there were so many dead fish.
Well, one of my viewers—I don't know if it was Facebook—somebody sent this and said, "Hey, did you see all the dead fish from the lake?
It wasn't from the ocean, but this is what's happening.
" I don't know what would cause this.
They're saying there are pockets where the oxygen in the water is causing them to die, and all this stuff, right?
But I was seeing all the fish rolling in on the waves.
So, this is what I saw.
I wanted Braden to play this little clip for y'all.
Do you see all these dead fish?
Can they see all these dead fish?
This is serious.
I don't know what would cause all that, but they're saying maybe oxygen.
They don't know what's in the water, but something's causing all these fish.
But this is what the Lord was showing me—another glimpse into the future.
And the Lord's warning us of things.
I even saw this in California, all up the coast, all over Oregon, all over the area—major fish coming in by the thousands, tens of thousands dead on the top of the water.
And that right there is exactly what I was shown.
Just like that.
And it is nasty.
But I was like, isn't that amazing?
And they don't know what's coming.
Maybe they do now.
This video is a couple days old as I receive this, but I just thought of the prophetic side of it, that as watchmen, the Lord shows us what's coming and we pray over things.
It's pretty amazing how fast things are happening.
It's not like before, where we always talked about how things would happen and we would see them, but it would take weeks, months, or years for stuff to manifest.
Now it's happening in days.
Yes!
And I'm like, "Wow, Lord, look at the signs of the times.
" You can stop it if you want to.
So then the other part was praying over the escalation of war.
I heard it again.
So I'll go over my visitation experience, what happened in my sleep out of nowhere.
I mean, this is like 5:00 in the morning.
I wake up, and I feel the Holy Ghost and fire all over my body.
As I breathe in, I feel the anointing and the power of the Holy Spirit just flowing through me.
And all of a sudden—this is what's interesting—it wasn't a dream, but it was a night vision.
That's the only way...
I've never had this before, but I was asleep, you know, in between sleep and awake.
And I'm seeing, and He says to me, "Brandon, I'm asking you to help me with something.
" And I paused.
I said, because I'm asleep, "Lord, what can I help you with?
" And He said, "There's a youth group across the street.
" And I saw the youth group, and He said, "There's a young man that's going to be coming to this youth group whom I'm calling into ministry.
I want him to be in ministry.
There's a call on his life, but he doesn't know me yet.
Pray for this young man.
" And I could see this young man.
He looked like a football player, and it's an actual person—I know that for a fact now after the Lord showed me.
So the Lord had me praying for this young man, and He said, "I want him to come over to the youth group across the street during the fall, and I've asked other people to do what I'm asking you to do, but they've all told me no.
" I had saved some money.
I told Diana we've been saving because we want to remodel our house, but we don't tell everybody because we don't believe in debt.
We do Financial Peace University.
We believe in not borrowing money as much as possible.
If you have to in an emergency, you know, but we believe in paying cash for things.
That's just the way we've always lived.
We don't believe in credit cards.
We don't believe in things like that.
We don't borrow; we're not slave to the lender.
The only thing is like our student loans or whatever, but I'm just saying paying things down deliberately, living by faith.
So we wanted to fix up our bathrooms and do things around our house, so we have our own little account.
We've been putting money in there, and we got it up because we had a guy come out and say, "Hey, this is what it's going to cost to remodel it all, fix up your bathrooms, and update everything.
" We were really excited about it.
It's something private we had between us that we don't talk about.
So we put some money back—kept putting money back—and the account was getting really big.
We were excited about it because we had the money to redo what we wanted to have redone.
Then we had the leak happen in our house, and we were believing God for stuff, you know.
Well, we put the money back and we didn't say anything, but we were right at that point.
And the Lord said to me, "Brandon, I've asked these people to help me.
I know it's above what you tithe, and I know it's above what I've already asked you to do, but could you help with the youth building that they're trying to build?
" I said, "Woo, that's hard.
" I said, "Lord, I told you I'll do anything you ask me to do," but my flesh was irritated, just being real, because I worked so hard to save that money.
I told Him, "My flesh is annoyed, but I told you I would do anything you ever asked me to do, so I'll do it.
" And instantaneously, you deal with...
I'm just like anybody, y'all, I deal with the flesh too.
My flesh was like, "That's my money I've saved.
And you're asking me to give that?
" He said, "I desire it to be done before the fall.
I need help.
Would you help me?
" So I told Diana.
And Diana, always sweet Diana, goes, "If that's what the Lord is saying, let's just do it.
" I wanted her to be like, "No, we're not doing that.
" I thought, "I can blame it on her, Lord.
See, she said no, it's her fault.
" But she was so nice about it and said, "Well, if that's what the Lord is saying, honey, let's just do it.
" I thought, "Please don't say that.
" I was really mad at her then, I really was, because I wanted to have a scapegoat and say, "You know what, Diana?
I don't blame you.
It's all right," and then go, "God, it's her problem, she's the one that did it.
" That's just where I was, just being real, okay?
I'm just being real.
And so, when she said it so nicely, I was just like, "Okay, flesh.
Okay, flesh.
" Thank you, God, for an obedient wife who loves the Lord.
She had a good attitude about it; my attitude was still stinky.
I prayed over it for the whole day.
Then I reached out to the pastor, and I was trying to give hints: "Hey, do you like going out to eat?
Do you like going to this certain place?
" and he acted like he was too busy and didn't want anything to do with it.
So I thought, "Well, there's a closed door.
There's a closed door.
" Because I felt inside that I was going to be obedient, but if he says no, then it's not God.
I'm not going to give that money then.
And so it's not funny.
It's really real.
And so I say, "Hey, do you like going to Wild Fork?
Do you want to go out to eat?
" He didn't respond, "Oh yeah, it's a good place to eat.
" But never anything else.
I thought, "Okay, close call.
It's not like I had to give it.
" It just, you know, we tell you these things.
I'm trying to help y'all; it's helping me help.
So, to make a long story short, I get up and it's Sunday morning and the Lord said, "Not only do I want you to give the money, but this time I don't want you to hand it to them to hand to the pastor personally and give them this check.
You are to try to deflect the glory.
" And he corrected me on some things.
This is where I'm going to go with it.
He said, "This is not to give you glory about how much money you're going to give to the youth program for this building.
I want you to do this privately, and I want you to put it in the bucket and just let that check sit in that bucket, and you're not going to get any man's praise at all.
Not a thank you from them personally, like, 'Please pray over this seed.
' Do you understand?
This is a huge deal for us.
" And so my flesh was like—when he said that, I was even more disturbed.
I went, "Are you kidding me?
" So, I sat on the back row like I always do, and that bucket came by.
And I was like, "I'm looking for a Holy Ghost choir, like an Abraham experience saying, 'Don't kill the son.
It's okay.
I've heard the angel come.
' You're looking for the angel to say—the parting of the sky and looking for the angel to go, 'It's okay.
You don't have to give it.
I see your heart.
'" But that didn't happen.
It didn't happen.
And as I put that money in the bucket, I saw it go down the aisle and I was looking at it.
I followed that usher all the way down to the end of the thing where he was taking it up to the altar.
And I was sitting there watching that usher as close as I could.
And I knew where my bucket was.
And I was watching it, and the Lord said, "Brandon, let it go.
" I said, "Oh, Father, I give unto you.
I don't give it to man.
" And as I did it, I did it by faith.
But the thing was, the Lord was showing me there are so many times we're asking to go to the next level, but we don't want to let go of what was past and what we had.
But if you want to go to the next level with the Father, it takes sacrificial giving.
It takes the extra.
How big is your want-to?
How bad do you want change to come in your life, even if it's painful?
Does that make sense?
That's where it wasn't me.
He asked for a lot, but every seed produces after its own kind.
And seedtime and harvest doesn't cease.
And if you want to go to a next level, you've got to sow in a level that you've never given before.
You've given at these levels and you've been faithful with it, but I'm trying to take you somewhere deeper and bigger.
And I said in my heart, then there are situations inside of me of what I'm believing for from Megan.
I'm putting a mandate on the seed.
I'm calling my seed, naming my seed of what I'm believing for.
Not just material for a bathroom remodel or whatever, but for exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think in these last days—for impartation, for the anointing, for finances, for whatever we're believing for for our own ministry, as you sow into the young man that the Lord gives me the picture of and says, "This is what I desire.
" And then he spoke to me.
He said, "I told you I'm coming.
The urgency is not there with my body.
" I said, "Well, Lord, I know you tell me all the time you're coming.
We tell the people through the channel; I warn them.
" He said, "But the urgency...
Do you know I'm coming?
" I said, "Yes, Lord, I thought I did.
I've said it enough.
" But as I keep praying over it and he shows me, he said, "Great war is coming.
" I saw great war.
He said, "Do you understand great war is coming?
You're running out of time for what I've called you to do.
Out of all these people, obedience to be quick to obey.
Be quick to obey.
" And I was quick within a window.
I was quick, but in my flesh, like I said, I was squirming like a worm.
But I did it.
But it's not always easy to do what your flesh doesn't want to do.
And sometimes I said, "Lord, I know the Bible says to be willing and obedient, you'll eat the good of the land.
" And I'm trying so hard to be willing and obedient, even whenever I'm dealing with flesh.
But after he showed me the young man and the youth coming across the street getting saved, he said, "I'm asking for my people to help me, but there's not many.
" And he said, "Brandon, I knew you would.
" I felt ashamed, even with my attitude.
Something so materialistic when it's just the Father wanting you to help, and he asks you so politely, "Would you please help me?
I need help.
I desire for these young kids to come across the street to this new youth facility, and that's what's going to attract them to come over here and be curious about what I'm doing across the street, to draw them in with the new net.
" And yeah, it's a sacrifice for you, but I'm looking for his heart.
And I don't know, ladies and gentlemen.
It's just I'm trying to tell you what I'm dealing with.
It sounds probably so fleshy to some of you, and it's like, "Oh, Brandon, grow up.
" But it's something that I deal with, and I'm just really transparent.
But in the part of just doing the sacrifice and going from glory to glory, because the Lord's saying acceleration's coming.
He keeps talking to me about everything's going to change in this 24-hour period.
Everything will change, Brandon.
Everything that you've ever known is about to change.
The world is going to go into birthing pains like you've never seen before.
It's not going to be like Christianity normal.
It's going to be Christianity, but not normal.
What's about to happen, folks—we're about to see things we've never seen before.
We can see it.
Earthquakes, volcanoes.
Look at Russia, they had another one, seven point something yesterday.
And the Lord said, "Watch the Ring of Fire.
" Watch it for what?
And Braden made a short about it.
He said, "What's happening in the natural, Daddy?
" We talked about—he brought that out again.
He said, "Remember what you prophesied about this?
What's happening in the natural is going to happen in the spiritual.
A shaking in the natural, a shaking in the spiritual, which is going to bring forth the major revival.
" And he showed his short to me.
I go, "I forgot the Lord said that.
" I said, "That's really cool, Braden.
" So, he showed it to me and I was excited about it, because I'm telling y'all, I keep seeing an escalation of things for a major revival, a major shaking on the Ring of Fire over Asia.
"Look and keep watching and praying over Asia, for I've not forgotten my Asian people.
" And I said, "Well, what's that have to do with Russia?
" "Well, Dad, part of Russia is part of Asia.
" And I went, "Well, duh.
" But I thought that was kind of cool.
Eastern Asia or whatever.
Yeah, Eastern Russia.
Up there.
And he said, "That's part of Asia.
" And I thought, "Well, yeah, isn't that amazing?
" A shaking in Russia.
And even in the word that was given, he said, "A shaking in Russia, a major move of God in Russia, a major move of God in Japan, a major move of God in China, a major move of God in South Korea.
I'm bringing down the Iron Curtain in North Korea, and I'll reach my people of North Korea.
" I'm giving you a window of opportunity, a short window, to reach the people of North Korea, for the Iron Curtain will not stay down for very long.
But when this window of opportunity opens, it will be flooded.
And I'm going to give it to you, and many people will be born again in this timeframe.
And it will spread, and I'm telling you, over Africa...
I've seen a major harvest of souls over Africa, all throughout South America, and all throughout Europe.
Number one, it wasn't number three.
What I'm going to say today, Diana said, 'Did you see the pope says he wants revival with the youth?
' This is exactly what I saw.
I saw the pope going through and trying to bring in the younger generation because the Catholic Church was dying with the older generation, trying to bring in the younger crowd.
'How do we get the young ones in?
' Because the older ones, the gray-haired people, are going home to be with the Lord.
They're going home; the people are dying.
And he said, 'How do we bring in the young ones?
' And I saw a South Korean flag, and I thought, 'This is exactly what the Lord told me: a revival.
' And He said, 'Pray for the harvest of souls over Rome, over Italy, and over these areas for a major move of God in the Catholic Church.
' A major move of God in the Catholic Church.
There are 1.
4 billion people in the Catholic Church, and I thought, what a time to have a major revival, an awakening unto God in the Catholic Church and all these other churches that are associated.
Because I was talking to our pastor and talking about this window of what the Lord was showing me about Adam's lease coming up and believing for that coming from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, to believe for this window of opportunity that God's given us.
We're at that point of the waterfall, we're right there, but bringing the church together as a whole: the Baptists, the Methodists, the Catholics, the Charismatics, the Episcopalians, whoever.
I mean, all of us all together being a body, and I saw it was like at war times, a shaking in the church like we've never seen before.
And I'm telling you all, there's a storm.
There's a storm, and the Lord keeps talking about this storm to me over and over again.
A major wake-up call, major things.
And some people say, 'Brandon, are you focused on fear?
' No, I'm not focused on fear.
I'm not afraid at all.
I'm looking at Him, staying vertical, and doing what He's asked me to do.
Even when it's painful, like my story—it's painful to the flesh—but just doing what He's asked you to do.
And I'm trying to tell y'all to go to the next level.
If you be willing and obedient, you'll eat the good of the land.
If you are obedient to what God has called you to do, it's not always going to be comfortable to your flesh.
But the test He's talking about—because I said, 'Where are You at in this?
' He said, 'Brandon, I'm silent.
It's a test.
I'm testing to see what you're going to do.
Are you going to do what I told you to do?
' It's quiet in there when you're at school and you're taking the test.
It's quiet in there because there wasn't the holy angel choirs I was looking for, or even a really good word, a prophetic word, a splitting of the...
'Okay, You're going to download something to me now.
' Nothing.
Shh.
Quiet during the test.
So many people don't pass the test because of lack of obedience to what He's called you to do.
And that's what He said: 'If you're asking Me for so much, how did you think you were going to get there?
You're asking Me for so much, Brandon.
How did you think you were going to get there?
' It's acceleration, acclimation, acceleration, acclimation.
You go from glory to glory.
He's changing us, changing us.
And then He said to me, when I told you I got that—and I'll even tell you the amount, I have no shame about it—I had it from one preacher.
He said to me, 'I want to bless you with this.
' No, the Lord said, 'Don't do that.
' He said, 'I want to bless you with this.
' He said, 'Don't accept that money.
' Remember I told you all that?
And He said, 'I don't want you to do that.
I don't want you to accept that.
' And He said, 'I don't want you to take that.
There are doors that I'm telling you to walk through where I'm standing on the other side of them, but there are some doors where I'm not there, Brandon.
They'll present themselves to you, but you only go through the doors that I tell you to go through.
Only follow the voice of God.
' But instantaneously, whenever He tests you about a gift and says, 'Don't accept that.
Don't take that,' and I'm like, 'Well, Lord, that's a blessing.
I'd like to receive that.
' 'No, give it back.
' Okay.
Then He comes to you in your sleep and says, 'I want you to give the biggest gift you've ever given,' and all of it in the same week.
And you're going, 'Dear Lord, You're stretching me, but You're asking for so much.
You're asking me for so much.
' You have to level up.
It's like you do in a game: you level up, and you go from glory to glory.
You level up, and you're able to handle more and more as you accelerate with the Lord.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell you all?
I hope so.
I try to get out as best I can what I'm feeling in my spirit to warn you all about today.
Whenever you're asking the Father for something and you're wanting to go to the next level, He puts you through a test.
Yes, He puts you through a test.
We go from glory to glory.
He's changing us, and we're on that potter's wheel, and He's pushing.
It doesn't always feel comfortable when He's pushing on it, but I want to pass the first time.
I don't want to wait, because you don't know when the next time is coming around.
You might say, 'Well, you failed that test,' but just because you fail a test...
It's not like schools nowadays where if you fail, they just keep passing you because they don't want to deal with you.
The thing is, God says you're going to pass this test, and you're going to pass it or you're not going to the next level.
And your flesh is going, 'Well, you know, can I just slide by?
' No, there's no sliding by in the spirit realm.
People ask for so much, and they go, 'Well, Brandon, how did you qualify?
How did you get there?
' But they don't know the sacrifice; they don't understand.
This is just one thing that I'm open with right now, just one thing that I'm willing to talk about.
There are years of this to the point where I told Diana, 'We should be getting better at this by now.
We should be getting better at this.
' You start recognizing the tests.
Yep, you start recognizing the tests.
That's exactly right.
And not all of it is a financial test.
No, sometimes it's just dealing with people.
And when He tells you, 'I want you to do this.
I want you to pray.
I want you to do certain things,' I'm like, 'But these people didn't like me before,' you know, and you go, 'These people don't like me.
' You know, people don't realize that I walk with a prophetic slant, and I'm able to see deep inside some folks.
The Lord allows me to see things, but He tells me, 'I want you to pray for them and be nice to them.
' And I think, 'But I see this,' and He says, 'But you are to walk in love.
' But I said, 'But the leadership doesn't like me.
' 'But I want you to walk in love.
It doesn't matter what I show you; it's for you to pray.
' And His warnings...
and there are some things I see, and they think, 'Well, that's just the devil messing with you.
' And I'm like, 'No, that's not the devil; that's a prophetic eye.
' I'm able to see into depth, and it's not bragging on Brandon—I'm going to tell you that, for one, it's not bragging on Brandon, it's bragging on Jesus.
And I'm telling you all, the closer you get to Him, He'll show you the secret things: conversations, things like that.
He'll let you in to warn you, prepare you, prepare your heart, who is for you, who is not for you, who is against you, you know those things.
It's important, but it's how you go from glory to glory.
Well, at least with my—the gift that God's put on me.
Everybody's different.
So, I don't know, these are parts of the things I had for y'all today because this is what I've been dealing with this week.
Just things that I'm dealing with.
But whenever He shows you the harvest, and He shows you war coming, and to pray over this—rice-paper thin, as Trump says, "We're sending two nuclear subs into there.
" I told y'all, "We're going to send two nuclear subs to flex.
" I said, "Don't poke the bear.
Handle the bear with care.
" This is exactly what the Lord was showing me: handle the bear with care.
Don't stiff-arm him.
Don't do these things, because you don't know.
Well, our military intelligence tells us...
That's what the Lord says: "You don't know what you're talking about," because I saw in the shadows North Korea.
I saw Cuba.
I saw a plan that they did not know.
And I can't go into it because the Lord told me I can't say what was in the meeting.
But I've already seen a meeting.
I was in the meeting in the spirit.
And the Lord told me, "Pray over this.
This is serious.
" Do you understand?
It's rice-paper thin for a major escalation of WW3.
And you say, "Well, this is WW4.
" I don't care what World War it is.
It's a major WW, and it has the potential—a lot of people have the potential to go home.
Australia will be involved.
I saw it escalating beyond, out of control, and this little going back and forth of what we see now of Russia and Ukraine.
How a lot of people went home, but this has the potential to be a powder keg.
And the Lord said, "You must pray.
" So that's why we're here today, not to hear me talk.
But we have to take communion first before I ever start praying.
How many people here now?
3,500.
All right.
Well, I appreciate all 3,500 of you being here.
I have one, too.
Yes, of course.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
Thank You, Father, for all that You're stretching us and You're growing us, and we're becoming more and more every single day.
We decrease so that You increase.
And I thank You, Father, that we've done what You've asked us to do, and we do it with boldness.
And I thank You, Father, with clarity.
And I thank You, Father, that we hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And I thank You, Father, for all that You've done for my family and all that You continue to do.
But Father, over this atmosphere right now, before we step into this spirit, I feel that prayer is coming in.
Yeah, me too.
The Holy Spirit is so wonderful.
As we plead the blood over this atmosphere, Father, I thank You, Lord, that we hear You and we don't hear any strangers' voices.
I plead the blood over this atmosphere today, Father.
And I thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
I plead the blood over my spiritual ears and over my spiritual eyes.
And I thank You, Lord, that I am not snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood, and I submit myself to You, Father.
And I thank You, Father, for how good You have been to me and my wife, Diana, and my children.
And I plead the blood all around us today.
And we thank You, Father, for what You're going to show us.
And if there's anything we can see to help You, Father, we're here to help You, Father, to pray it out in the spirit to bring it forth in the natural.
I thank You, Father, that that's why we're here.
We take this body right now, and we thank You, Lord, that You died for us.
You rose again, and we're healed by Your stripes.
I thank You, Father, that we're healed by Your stripes.
We're healed, every one of us, from the top of our head to the soles of our feet, we're covered in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord.
We take the blood now.
Lord, we apply the blood, and we make much of the blood today.
And we thank You, Lord, that we stay current with You with all that You've called us to do.
That we don't stay on yesterday's manna.
We don't stay on yesterday's wine, filling up our wineskins with new wine.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we refuse to stay where we were five years ago, telling the same stories.
Father, we thank You that it's going from glory to glory.
That God, You've got new stories and new encounters with You.
Father, I thank You that the urgency of the hour is to tell the people that Jesus is coming.
Jesus is coming, and we must get our hearts right before Him.
And we plead the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, for the blood that covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we make much of the blood today in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Lord.
Now we're ready to jump in the river.
I do not do that until I take communion first.
I'm telling y'all, it works.
If you want to go closer to the Lord, you take communion before you pray and you jump in that river.
But I jump in it clean.
Yes, I'm just saying I jump in clean.
You want something to drink?
No, I have my drink, my tea.
Well, Father, we just worship You.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see You.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart.
I want to see You.
To see You high and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy.
High and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy, Lord.
We thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Lord, that You open the eyes of our heart today.
You open the eyes of our heart, Lord, because we want to see You.
We sit at Your feet.
We just pull up our chair at Your table, and we thank You, Lord, that You show us that which is to come.
We yield ourselves over to You, Holy Spirit, that You pray through us.
Father, we worship You today.
We worship You.
Come glorify Your name.
We glorify Your name.
We glorify Your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
We glorify Your name in all the earth.
We glorify Your name.
We magnify Your name.
We magnify Your name in all the earth.
Oh Lord, we thank You for this time of worship and praise.
We thank You, Lord, for we have the opportunity to tell You thank You again for all that You've done and all that You've yet to do.
For we will not allow the rocks to do our job today.
For You said, if we don't praise You, the rocks will cry out.
And I refuse to let a rock do my job.
We magnify Your name.
We magnify Your name in all the earth.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
We thank You, Lord.
Oh, Father, we worship You.
We give You praise and glory today for all that You've done and all that You've yet to do.
Oh God, we give You praise, Father, for You inhabit the praises of Your people.
We do it with all our hearts from glory to glory.
You're changing us.
I remember whenever I heard it, just a couple videos ago when I started singing that song, that I heard it through heavens, they were singing with us.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing, He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory, He's changing me.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing, He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Father, we thank You, Lord, His likeness and His image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Glory to God.
It's waiting.
You wait on it.
I'm waiting on that pool.
You wait on the pool.
You understand?
And then what?
And then all of a sudden, it'll be your timing.
You jump in that river.
But you get there first by worship.
You get there first by praise and then you jump in the river, you know, but I don't do it unless I feel that Holy Ghost pull and you jump in the river, you go tubing, you understand?
But you wait on it.
Those that wait on the Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
The clock ticks.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we don't bend to the pressure of time concerning our lives.
Father, we have so many things.
We take the care out of our prayer today.
Like Pastor Chip was saying, do you take the care out of your prayer?
We refuse to let the care of all that we see, all the things we see of the end times, choke the life out of us.
We refuse to take the care of what's going on in these end times.
It's not ours to carry.
We keep our eyes on Jesus today.
And that's what we have to keep.
We keep our eyes on him, for he knows what we have need of before we even ask.
So many people say, 'Father, I need healing.
I need deliverance.
I need all these things.
' Everything is done at the cross.
He paid the price for every single one of us to walk in victory today.
He paid the price.
We receive it by faith.
I resist sickness.
I resist poverty.
I resist lack and not enough and barely getting by.
I resist it in the name of Jesus.
And I receive everything the Lord has for me.
I receive it.
I believe it with my arms wide open.
Lord, you've already taken care of all that I need.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He dwells on the inside of me.
I'm filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost today.
I say all these things.
You say, 'Father, I thank you, Lord.
I pray what's happening in my natural out of the spirit, and I get it in the natural.
Thank you, Lord, that it manifests in my life today.
Everything I pray, everything I'm believing for, Father, has an expiration date.
And I call that expiration date to happen today in the name of Jesus.
Today is my day of my breakthrough.
' Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's a time for seedtime and harvest to be accelerated.
See, I feel it right then.
It's a time for seedtime and harvest to be accelerated.
Father, for it will not be seed, long-time harvest, but Father, the sowers and the reapers are going to go hand in hand.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the time of what we're believing for, we call it out of the spirit realm right now into the natural.
And I say in the name of Jesus, money come forth, blessing and increase, multiplication and favor.
Everything we put our hands to, Father, I thank you, Lord, that there'll be favor.
Father, I thank you that every door we touch will open up with the Holy Ghost and fire, Father, with favor there in the name of Jesus, that we don't lack any good thing.
We'll not suffer any loss.
Father, we're going to be exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think, God.
Supernatural abundance is on our households now.
Father, I thank you, Lord, from the north, the south, the east, the west.
I thank you, Lord, that the angels are bringing forth my money in Jesus' name.
Everything I have need of, God, I thank you, Lord, that you said you'd provide it.
God, I thank you for it.
Now, that's what you do for your finances, you say the same thing.
Father, he's a God that's more than enough.
He's a God that's more than enough.
And Father, I thank you for creative ideas to get wealth.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural impartation.
Father, if you'd speak to Bill Gates or all these other people that don't know you, how to create computers and everything, divine wisdom on your body, that it won't be that, well, there's not many people I can come to because they don't have it, and then if I ask them they say no.
There's a bunch of us out there that, Father, if you get them the money, they'll say yes.
'Yes, Lord, here am I.
Yes, Lord, here am I.
' Even if their flesh squirms, 'Yes, Lord, here am I.
' That's where we want to be in this end-time harvest.
Do you understand?
The Lord told me, he said, 'I'm bringing the wealth of the wicked, laid up for the righteous, for the ones that will listen.
But he'll test you to make sure you can handle it.
Will you do what I tell you to do with it?
' Yes.
Yes.
'Yes, Lord.
Here am I, Lord.
Send me.
Yes, Lord.
Here am I.
Send me.
' And this is so important that we practice what we preach.
You can say a whole lot, but you got to practice what you preach.
Do what you said you're going to do.
Don't just tell somebody you're going to do it, and then when your number comes up and it's time for you to do it, you say, 'Well, you know, no.
' Do what you say you'll do and do what you say you believe.
Be a believing believer that acts on what you believe, not being in all this other stuff.
That's what the Lord told me.
It's time for you to get to where the rubber meets the road.
What do you really believe?
When you see, you know, it's like I heard one preacher say, 'Well, I don't believe in healing.
' Well, you haven't been sick enough.
'I don't believe that Jesus is a healer.
You might not have stage four cancer with four days to live.
Do you understand?
Those people are believing for a miracle.
They're desperate.
But until, 'Well, I don't believe God is going to provide.
I don't believe it.
' Well, until you've been there and you haven't had food on your table, that's true poverty.
When you don't have food, you don't have a roof over your head.
Most people that go through what they have right now, they have government subsidies or whatever in America, and they don't have to go through a lot compared to what they go through in Haiti or in some place like that where there's true poverty and you go, 'Man, we're starving up in here,' you know.
And as you can tell, a lot of us have plenty to eat.
It's not funny, but I'm just saying, the place of desperation.
A place of desperation where you have to have it, where you say, 'I've got like hours to live, Lord, and I need that.
' You know, that's a believing believer that's just pulling on it, and you're desperate.
But if the woman with the issue of blood's faith made her whole, your faith will make you whole today.
You need to know that.
He said, 'Daughter, your faith made you whole,' and faith has not been done away with.
And if her faith made her whole, your faith will make you whole.
Whatever you're believing for today, you're sitting here watching me.
You could be on your couch because you couldn't go to work today and you're sitting there going, 'Brandon, I'm watching you.
' It's the middle of the morning, whatever, and 'I'm overcoming.
' You tuned into the right place.
I feel a healing anointing on me right now to tell you it's time to believe God for your miracle.
You may be laying there all sprawled out, but it's time to praise him.
I told you all a story last video about how I praised when I was in so much pain I couldn't even turn, and the Lord said, 'Worship me.
Let your praises outmatch your prayers.
Let the scale of things go up over here with praise.
' And as I worshiped and praised, my manifestation for my leg came in, and it was supernatural.
I'm telling you, Diana almost had to carry me, and she was down the hall.
It was awful.
But believe God for the impossible today, and I'll be there too.
I'll agree with you.
Whatever you have need of right now, Diana and I want to pray for you that you have it.
What do you believe God for today that seems impossible, that you say, "I don't ever think this is going to have an expiration date, Brandon"?
I'm just being real with you.
We're standing with Joyce for her kidneys.
That lady, she's always asking for healing.
We're believing God with you, Joyce, that your kidneys are healed and whole and well.
She lives in Florida.
I believe with all my heart Joyce has an expiration date for her kidneys being healed, and it's going to be an end suddenly.
It's time to believe God for big in these last days for your finances.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I've always been poor.
My mom and dad were poor.
We were raised poor.
" Diana, we believe in the power of a seed.
If you have a need, you sow a seed.
And that's just exactly what we proved this week.
If you have a need, sow a seed.
I believe seedtime and harvest works.
Yes.
And God gives you wisdom and creative ideas.
It's like we're doing eBay and Poshmark out of nowhere, we thought of that and started doing eBay and Poshmark.
We started doing it, putting stuff on there and doing it, and then whenever it's time to close that door and you're asking God, it's like with my dogs.
I was raising puppies forever.
We were raising puppies.
Oh, was it ten years plus?
Yeah.
We never had a problem selling them.
Never had a problem giving them to a home of special needs kids or whoever we had to adopt one of them.
When the door closed and the Lord said, "This season's over," it's just like the brook, the brook dried up overnight.
Overnight.
And the Lord said, because we had all these little puppies and we couldn't give them away, "I told you that season was over.
" But see, you camp around where you were and you think, "Well, Lord, still if it, because you have your backup plan.
If this don't work, this is my backup plan.
" But the Lord said, "I want you to step up to the next level.
Are you all in?
" And my heart was, "I have a backup plan.
If this don't work, I'm going to have this on the side and I'm going to make sure that I'm hearing him correctly on this.
" And the Lord says, "No, there's no backup plan.
Either you're all in or you're not.
Now, I want you to retire the dogs, give them to homes, and I'll give you favor to do that.
And I want you to do what I told you to do.
" And I thought, "You're asking me to do something that is very hard.
" But that's what I'm talking about.
You have to trust him.
And maybe you're in that transition right now in your life where he's told you to do something and you're watching this video right now.
You're watching this livestream and you're going, "Brandon, I know I've heard God tell me to do something, but my flesh is just uncomfortable doing it.
" And as you watch this today, I'm trying to help you because I've been there, because it was a substantial amount of income for us.
And the Lord said, "I want you to retire that and go on.
" I said, "Oh, yeah.
It's like Paul says, 'I die daily.
'" But I didn't know there were so many ways you could die.
Yeah, die daily.
It's exactly right.
But he said, "I'll let you and allow you to keep doing this over here with eBay and Posh, but I don't want you to buy any new inventory.
" I said, "Are you kidding me?
That's the lifeblood of this thing.
" "I want you to trust me.
I'm taking you into full-time ministry.
" I said, "Oh, dear Lord, I'm not going to start crying about it.
" "I'm going to cry, too.
" I said, "Lord, you stretch me so much.
" But that's what I'm trying to tell you is that he may tell you to do something that's very uncomfortable to your flesh and say, "I want you to do this, and I've got something more for you to do," but you're reaching out and grabbing a hold of something that is blind faith, just doing what he's asked you to do.
And there are a lot of you out there right now, I know you're living in the same circumstance, that God's calling you to do something by faith.
And it may be uncomfortable to your flesh, and you know you've heard him.
I'm not talking about presumption.
I'm talking about you know beyond a shadow of a doubt.
You have that still, small voice.
You know the Father's voice and what he's instructing you to do.
And it just takes that little oomph to grab a hold of it.
And it's like I heard one man say, "God will open a door and shut a door, but sometimes it's hell in the hallways.
" I said, "Yeah, I get that, brother, but he wants to take you from glory to glory, and that's where the trust comes in.
" When it comes to Megan, my little girl, overcoming autism, that's when he says, "I'm calling you to the healing ministry.
" That's nice.
I appreciate that.
"But do you remember the little girl that's laying in the bed down the hall?
" "Yeah, I do.
But I'm asking you to trust me.
I want you to proclaim and tell people that I'm coming and that I'm a healer.
" That's really something.
And as you see her come so far, even in Sunday church yesterday, she's sitting in there and yeah, we have stuff.
She's quirky and does some things in there and makes noises, but we're there in church.
Seven years!
Seven years, we couldn't even step foot into a church because of how bad she was.
And we look at where it was to the point where I begged God.
I said, "God, please open the door.
We go to churches, and family, we watch online all the time.
And Megan is so bad in the natural that they ask us to leave.
" And yeah, the people around us now, I just ignore them.
I say, "You're the one that chose to sit on the back row anyway, so go sit on the front.
There's plenty of chairs up front.
Leave me alone.
" But Megan's in church.
And I'm like, you know, I remember a time when we couldn't go.
And I'm not telling you it's always going to be easy, folks.
But this is how you keep stretching yourself.
You keep stretching yourself, and he'll take you to those different levels.
You're reaching.
The dentist appointment, I was so excited.
Twenty years, never been to the dentist.
Twenty years, never able to open her mouth and let the dentist touch her mouth.
She would freaking bite.
We took her once, and she bit the dentist so bad that he said, "I'll never touch her again because she tried to take his finger off.
" I'm not kidding.
It was bad.
He reached down there to clean that, and she latched onto his finger, and he was screaming, and I thought, "Oh my God.
" And I said, "I'm so sorry, sir.
" And I thought, "Man, this guy is going to be upset.
He's drawn blood.
" That's how bad she bit him.
And that didn't go over too well.
Well, we never went back to the dentist for twenty years.
Well, not then.
Okay, so exaggeration, fifteen years.
Yeah, fifteen years, never gone.
We go to the dentist, and she opens her mouth, and she was peaceful, and the lady cleaned her teeth.
And she acted like we were nuts, like, "Oh, you know, be careful with her.
" And she's looking at me like, "You're an overprotective father.
You're over the top, sir.
" And I'm like, "But you don't understand.
You don't understand.
If you put your hand down there, she's going to bite your finger off.
" I mean, you know, seriously.
But please, after we went to that Billy Burke service—and people go, "Why are you on Billy Burke's train so much, Brandon?
" It was awful.
But believe God for the impossible today, and I'll be there too.
I'll agree with you.
Whatever you have need of right now, Diana and I want to pray for you that you have it.
What do you believe God for today that seems impossible, that you say, "I don't ever think this is going to have an expiration date, Brandon"?
I'm just being real with you.
We're standing with Joyce for her kidneys.
That lady, she's always asking for healing.
We're believing God with you, Joyce, that your kidneys are healed and whole and well.
She lives in Florida.
I believe with all my heart Joyce has an expiration date for her kidneys being healed, and it's going to be an end suddenly.
It's time to believe God for big in these last days for your finances.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I've always been poor.
My mom and dad were poor.
We were raised poor.
" Diana, we believe in the power of a seed.
If you have a need, you sow a seed.
And that's just exactly what we proved this week.
If you have a need, sow a seed.
I believe seedtime and harvest works.
Yes.
And God gives you wisdom and creative ideas.
It's like we're doing eBay and Poshmark out of nowhere, we thought of that and started doing eBay and Poshmark.
We started doing it, putting stuff on there and doing it, and then whenever it's time to close that door and you're asking God, it's like with my dogs.
I was raising puppies forever.
We were raising puppies.
Oh, was it ten years plus?
Yeah.
We never had a problem selling them.
Never had a problem giving them to a home of special needs kids or whoever we had to adopt one of them.
When the door closed and the Lord said, "This season's over," it's just like the brook, the brook dried up overnight.
Overnight.
And the Lord said, because we had all these little puppies and we couldn't give them away, "I told you that season was over.
" But see, you camp around where you were and you think, "Well, Lord, still if it, because you have your backup plan.
If this don't work, this is my backup plan.
" But the Lord said, "I want you to step up to the next level.
Are you all in?
" And my heart was, "I have a backup plan.
If this don't work, I'm going to have this on the side and I'm going to make sure that I'm hearing him correctly on this.
" And the Lord says, "No, there's no backup plan.
Either you're all in or you're not.
Now, I want you to retire the dogs, give them to homes, and I'll give you favor to do that.
And I want you to do what I told you to do.
" And I thought, "You're asking me to do something that is very hard.
" But that's what I'm talking about.
You have to trust him.
And maybe you're in that transition right now in your life where he's told you to do something and you're watching this video right now.
You're watching this livestream and you're going, "Brandon, I know I've heard God tell me to do something, but my flesh is just uncomfortable doing it.
" And as you watch this today, I'm trying to help you because I've been there, because it was a substantial amount of income for us.
And the Lord said, "I want you to retire that and go on.
" I said, "Oh, yeah.
It's like Paul says, 'I die daily.
'" But I didn't know there were so many ways you could die.
Yeah, die daily.
It's exactly right.
But he said, "I'll let you and allow you to keep doing this over here with eBay and Posh, but I don't want you to buy any new inventory.
" I said, "Are you kidding me?
That's the lifeblood of this thing.
" "I want you to trust me.
I'm taking you into full-time ministry.
" I said, "Oh, dear Lord, I'm not going to start crying about it.
" "I'm going to cry, too.
" I said, "Lord, you stretch me so much.
" But that's what I'm trying to tell you is that he may tell you to do something that's very uncomfortable to your flesh and say, "I want you to do this, and I've got something more for you to do," but you're reaching out and grabbing a hold of something that is blind faith, just doing what he's asked you to do.
And there are a lot of you out there right now, I know you're living in the same circumstance, that God's calling you to do something by faith.
And it may be uncomfortable to your flesh, and you know you've heard him.
I'm not talking about presumption.
I'm talking about you know beyond a shadow of a doubt.
You have that still, small voice.
You know the Father's voice and what he's instructing you to do.
And it just takes that little oomph to grab a hold of it.
And it's like I heard one man say, "God will open a door and shut a door, but sometimes it's hell in the hallways.
" I said, "Yeah, I get that, brother, but he wants to take you from glory to glory, and that's where the trust comes in.
" When it comes to Megan, my little girl, overcoming autism, that's when he says, "I'm calling you to the healing ministry.
" That's nice.
I appreciate that.
"But do you remember the little girl that's laying in the bed down the hall?
" "Yeah, I do.
But I'm asking you to trust me.
I want you to proclaim and tell people that I'm coming and that I'm a healer.
" That's really something.
And as you see her come so far, even in Sunday church yesterday, she's sitting in there and yeah, we have stuff.
She's quirky and does some things in there and makes noises, but we're there in church.
Seven years!
Seven years, we couldn't even step foot into a church because of how bad she was.
And we look at where it was to the point where I begged God.
I said, "God, please open the door.
We go to churches, and family, we watch online all the time.
And Megan is so bad in the natural that they ask us to leave.
" And yeah, the people around us now, I just ignore them.
I say, "You're the one that chose to sit on the back row anyway, so go sit on the front.
There's plenty of chairs up front.
Leave me alone.
" But Megan's in church.
And I'm like, you know, I remember a time when we couldn't go.
And I'm not telling you it's always going to be easy, folks.
But this is how you keep stretching yourself.
You keep stretching yourself, and he'll take you to those different levels.
You're reaching.
The dentist appointment, I was so excited.
Twenty years, never been to the dentist.
Twenty years, never able to open her mouth and let the dentist touch her mouth.
She would freaking bite.
We took her once, and she bit the dentist so bad that he said, "I'll never touch her again because she tried to take his finger off.
" I'm not kidding.
It was bad.
He reached down there to clean that, and she latched onto his finger, and he was screaming, and I thought, "Oh my God.
" And I said, "I'm so sorry, sir.
" And I thought, "Man, this guy is going to be upset.
He's drawn blood.
" That's how bad she bit him.
And that didn't go over too well.
Well, we never went back to the dentist for twenty years.
Well, not then.
Okay, so exaggeration, fifteen years.
Yeah, fifteen years, never gone.
We go to the dentist, and she opens her mouth, and she was peaceful, and the lady cleaned her teeth.
And she acted like we were nuts, like, "Oh, you know, be careful with her.
" And she's looking at me like, "You're an overprotective father.
You're over the top, sir.
" And I'm like, "But you don't understand.
You don't understand.
If you put your hand down there, she's going to bite your finger off.
" I mean, you know, seriously.
But please, after we went to that Billy Burke service—and people go, "Why are you on Billy Burke's train so much, Brandon?
" I just want Him.
Even when somebody cuts me off on the road and you want to run them off the road or whatever, you go, "Ah, it's just a flesh fart.
" You've just got to walk in love.
My brain is laughing at me.
But it's the truth.
And you want to say, "Listen, who's just being real here?
" You know, when you have a child that's overcoming, or you need finances, or all this stuff's going on and you're going, "God, where are You at?
" You know, it's just being real.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's right there, folks.
But you've just got to tap into it.
You've got to get in that river and you've got to flow with Him.
You've got to flow with Him.
I'm not saying it's always easy, but you flow with Him and you keep rowing.
Yes.
I shouldn't be drinking this.
This right here is sparkling water and it makes me have to burp.
I have to have the other water.
Thank you.
It's on live stream; you can't edit it out.
Boy, I've got to have the other water.
Father, we just thank You, Lord.
It's got to be serious, Brandon.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
Father, we just line up with what You want us to do today.
We don't want to waste these people's time.
So, I'm just going to pray in the Spirit and see where it leads me.
All right.
Well, where the Holy Spirit leads me.
I keep saying it's where the Holy Spirit leads me in this prayer time.
Flow with Him, flow.
And I believe there are some things the Lord wants to show us.
Okay.
So, Father, we just thank You, Lord, and I tap right over into that river right now in the name of Jesus.
Now, okay, this is the direction the Holy Spirit just told me to go.
Okay, we're praying for the souls.
We're praying for the souls in Mexico.
We're praying for a great harvest of souls.
We're calling it in right now.
When you're believing with me, you believe for your unsaved loved ones.
As you're interceding with me, you're going to pull them in in the name of Jesus.
You're going to pull them in in Jesus' name.
Every unsaved loved one right now that's represented here and all the ones that are dear to our heart, you're going to pray.
Amen.
Right now, we're going to call in the lost in the name of Jesus.
We take the lost out from the kingdom of darkness and we bring them into the light.
For, Satan, you have blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, and we say in the name of Jesus, the blinders are coming off in the name of Jesus.
We send laborers.
We send the laborers.
We send the laborers in the name of Jesus.
We send the laborers out for the Lord of the harvest, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
We send laborers.
We send laborers in the name of Jesus.
Can these bones live?
Yes, Lord.
We speak to the dry bones.
Oh, God.
The fervent prayer of the righteous availeth much, availeth much.
Not limp-wristed, be strong with a backbone, call it in.
That's what I'm trying to say.
You be bold about what you're believing for today.
I'm calling them in in Jesus' name.
We call in the lost in Jesus' name.
We call the churches to have fire.
We call the church bells to ring one last time across the land, from sea to shining sea.
I call in the harvest.
I call in the harvest right now in the name of Jesus.
All unsaved loved ones, we call them in right now in Jesus' name.
Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
There will be a great, great harvest of souls.
We call the great harvest of souls.
Healing today.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, healing today.
Everything.
I see varicose veins, the spider veins on your legs being healed right now in the name of Jesus.
I just saw spider veins.
You know, like the women with the veins.
I see veins with the thin skin being healed right now in Jesus' name, from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
These vein issues, I call these vein issues healed and whole.
I just saw this in the spirit while I'm praying, and the Lord said, "I'm healing these vein issues from this person.
" I believe it's a woman, and I hear the name Mary.
Mary, we call you healed.
We call them well.
I call them well.
And if you don't have that name, that's fine; you just receive it right where you are.
But I'm talking about this one individual person.
And I see this woman.
Heart conditions.
I see a heart right now.
I see a vision of a heart, and the valves of a heart being healed right now, being healed right now.
I call that heart healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
All through that heart, all through those valves, we call it.
You feel fire on your chest right now.
You'll feel fire.
I call the heart healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
God's doing like a roar through your veins.
God's doing a roar.
He's cleaning all those veins.
He's cleaning all those arteries.
He's cleaning all the plaque right now in the name of Jesus.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over your heart right now in Jesus' name.
I'm going down.
I see down in the kidneys.
I see kidney stones, very bad kidney stones.
These are large, and they're very painful, what you're going through, and the Lord is dissolving those kidney stones right now in the name of Jesus.
I call healing over those kidneys, chronic kidney stones being healed right now.
Sharp with edges, they're dissolving right now, dissolving right now, dissolving right now.
It's with the chemistry of why the body keeps making these.
Today.
Today is a good day.
Oh, parsley.
Parsley.
Over the arteries and the veins in their neck, I see healing for arteries in the neck right here, right here on the vena cava.
It's been causing dizziness and headaches.
I see dizziness and headaches.
You may not even know this is going on, why this is failing.
But the Lord's clearing those arteries right now in the name of Jesus in your neck.
I see a vision of arteries flowing and the blood pressure regulating.
There's things going on with these arteries.
I see it.
Now, on the right ear, inside the eardrum, there's someone believing God for a right ear.
Inside their eardrum right now, I see your eardrum popping out.
You're going to start hearing right now.
I speak life into that ear.
There's an anointing going into that ear right now.
Oh, attach your faith with mine as I'm calling this out, and receive it.
Say, "I believe I receive it.
I believe I receive it.
" And it's not just calling things out; I'm telling you what the Spirit of the Lord said.
Digestive issues.
I see a stomach.
Leaky gut.
Yep, I see it.
And over the esophagus, the lining of the esophagus, I see a hernia in the esophagus, and the Lord's healing this in Jesus' name.
Believe it.
Receive it.
I see the fire of God cleaning and healing this right now in Jesus' name.
Healing this right now in Jesus' name.
Chronic knee pain—I see knees right now that are hurting to the point where it's the cartilage in your knee.
The Lord said He's healing the knees right now in Jesus' name.
I see a healing over that knee, a healing over your knee.
I call it out.
Glory to God!
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, for the healings.
Thank You, Lord, for Your healings.
I believe today you're receiving it.
Not just me calling out something.
Attach your faith.
Say, 'I receive it.
I take what's mine.
I receive it.
' This will be really interesting now.
Okay.
The Lord even cares about the sparrow.
But He said, 'You've lost your dog.
' Someone lost their dog and they're asking for their dog to come back home right now.
And the Lord said, 'I'm bringing this dog home.
Send your angels out right now to bring this dog home.
' Do you hear me?
I don't know who this is, but the Lord said, 'Call this dog home.
' I saw the dog and he ran away.
I said, 'This may sound really different, but I'm telling you, the Lord said, 'Call this dog home.
'' Something precious to you.
There's somebody believing for their dog to come home.
Now, that's just what I heard.
It's like a little dog.
The Lord said, 'Call this dog home.
Call this dog home.
' Okay, this is what I just saw.
Somebody's believing for it.
It's very precious, dear, this dog.
But don't lose faith on the dog.
The dog's there, and you're supposed to call them in.
Call them in.
That's so interesting.
Even the Lord loves a dog.
But I saw this dog and it ran away.
And the person's crying out and wants this dog to come back, and they're missing their dog.
And the Lord said, 'Send angels to go get your dog.
' You know, Billy Burke said that there was a person who had their son in jail.
And they said, 'Send the same angel that got Peter out of the prison to go get your son out of the prison.
' Right?
So he said, 'Why send the same angel?
' Because that angel had experience.
He got Peter out, so he'll know how to do it.
So this Billy Burke felt like, by the Spirit of God, to tell this lady at the altar when she said, 'I'm believing for my son to get out of prison.
' Well, he prayed for this lady there that night, an angel showed up in the jail cell and said, 'I'm getting you out of here.
' And within a couple of days, they released him.
Glory to God!
Now, why do you say that?
Because the Lord said, 'Send your angels to do something.
' I don't know what kind of angel has a special gift to go get a dog, but I'm sure it's not a hard thing to do, folks.
An angel can do a lot, but I believe with all my heart we're going to send that angel out right now to go get this little dog.
You say, 'Why are you going to waste your time?
' Because it's dear to your heart.
That's why.
And the Lord loves you.
The Lord loves you.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, that seems way out there.
' Then don't believe it then.
But I'm telling you what the Spirit of the Lord said.
Believe Him for it.
He cares about even the smallest things.
You understand?
He loves everything about you, and He wants to have a relationship with you.
Nothing's too big for our Father, and nothing's too small.
A dog may seem real small to you when you say, 'There are so many people dealing with so much, Brandon.
Why a dog?
' That's what I hear.
Because God cares about a dog, because God cares about your dog.
God cares about all things.
He loves everything about you.
If we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more will your Heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love Him?
How much more?
And He feeds the sparrows, and He clothes the lilies of the field.
That was neat because I saw a dog.
I never see a dog when I'm praying like that.
But somebody's believing for their dog.
I thought, 'Okay, well, I agree with you.
' Hallelujah!
You've got to tell us when he comes home, when the little doggy comes home, because I'm believing God it's done.
When I see it by the Spirit of God, it's done.
You understand?
I'm believing God it's coming home.
Supernatural.
Hallelujah!
He's probably outside on your porch right now.
You go out and open the door, he's there.
He is.
Hallelujah!
Father, I thank You.
That's so funny.
Father, I love You so much.
Even the little things like that.
Hallelujah!
Lord, You're so good to us, Father.
Glory to God.
He even cares about the dog.
Hallelujah!
I got me a little joy.
Joy unspeakable, full of glory.
They're saying, 'Holy Ghost laugh.
' Oh, yeah, it got me tickled because it happened.
Hallelujah!
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, for times of refreshing.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah, Lord.
Thank You, Jesus.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the harvest.
We're calling them in, Father.
We're calling them in.
Glory to God.
We thank You, Lord.
Now, the other part of what I saw was the financial outpouring, and the Lord talking about the great outpouring of finances, a new wave, believing for the kink in the hose to be removed.
We pray over Judge Torres today that these decisions with Judge Torres will happen and come to a finalization this week in Jesus' name.
Let it go in Jesus' name.
Devil, we're not wrestling against humans, folks.
We're wrestling against principalities and powers, and that's who is trying to hold back the blessing from the body of Christ.
And as this was let go, I saw double, double, then triple.
Boom, like that, like a rocket.
Believe God.
I'm not saying which one it is, but I'm telling you, believe God.
Double.
And it was like boop, boop, and then triple.
It shot up like a rocket.
All kinks in the hose be removed, for a time of acceleration has begun.
A time of acceleration has begun.
The fun has just begun.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say the fun has just begun for an acceleration going into the fall.
Acceleration!
A time to be excited about it all.
A great acceleration.
Remember, I said believe for big.
Believe for big, big, big!
Whoa!
Father, we thank You for big.
We thank You, Lord, for the great harvest.
We thank You, Lord, for what You have in store.
Hey, I see that disturbance in the water again.
It went from the blessing going in, and now I see the water moving.
I see the big red buoy moving on the water again.
What is this?
I see it out in the Pacific Ocean, and it's moving up and down.
Big wave swells.
It's another great earthquake in the water, out there in the Ring of Fire.
This is a big one.
Another tsunami.
I'm seeing all along the coastline from British Columbia.
I see it again.
It's being brought out to me again.
Decisions will be made in the days ahead.
Great decisions.
Canada.
I see Canada.
Pray over Mark's mind that he would make the right choices.
Pray over Mark's mind that he makes the right choices.
He's going the wrong way.
He's already decided to go the wrong way.
But concerning the two-state lining up on the wrong side of things, it's over, and it extends into England.
Earthquakes.
Pray over his decision.
Every one of these places that decide this and go this way, you'll see great shaking in.
You're going to see that.
This is not just about America.
This is about the sheep and the goats.
But as you see this, you'll see India.
I see India again.
The temples in India, I see them completely crumbling within.
Oh, I see the monkeys.
I see the monkeys again.
Oh, Jesus.
This is why the Lord said, "This is why it's so important for my people to rise up and vote the right people in.
" You say, "What does it have to do with us?
Why are we—" You're in the land.
It's your job to intercede for the man, whoever's in that position of authority.
Pray.
Pray, for He hardens the hearts and He softens the hearts.
If my people who are called by my name pray, humble themselves and pray.
Do you understand?
Praying into this.
Praying for President Trump.
Don't let up off the gas.
Pray for President Trump.
Big decisions in the days ahead.
Don't provoke the bear.
We're not running in fear over Putin, but there's things there that you do not see.
As the Lord said, there's things there that you do not see.
I see great earthquakes in the Ring of Fire right now.
I see greater earthquakes, earthquakes bigger than we've ever seen before or had calculation of, you know, like keeping record—greater earthquakes, acceleration of not just tremors.
I need you to hear this.
These are not just tremors like 5.
0's.
I'm talking major earthquakes.
Historical.
Yes, big earthquakes are coming.
The earth's crust is shifting.
It's shifting.
The Lord said it's shifting.
It's from an outside source.
You need to hear me: an outside source.
The Lord says there's things that are influencing the earth's crust.
The powers of heaven will be shaken.
I see an affecting of the crops.
I'm seeing plants, an affecting of the crops.
There's things that are going to shift so much with our weather.
The weather and the crops, even going into the spring, things are going to change—an acceleration.
This is what I see.
I'll kind of pause because I see it like on a wheel, and as the seasons—spring, summer, fall, winter, spring, summer—but it's spinning faster.
It's spinning faster in front of me.
I see these seasons, and I see arrows on this pointing this way and that way in front of my face, but it's spinning, and as it goes, it's moving faster and faster.
Seasons will change faster and faster.
Well, what does that mean to you?
I don't know, I'm just telling you what I see.
And it's accelerating so that you'll not know the time from the winter to the summer.
It's going to change fast.
Weather patterns are changing quickly.
And it's going to disturb the animals and the crops.
Shifting in the soil, shifting in the earth's crust, shifting in the magnetic poles, things are changing.
The tilt of the earth will change, even how the light shines on things, do you understand?
But don't be afraid.
He said, "I'm not the author of fear.
I'm faith.
For perfect love casteth out all fear.
" You understand?
It's time for you to draw even nearer.
As you see these days approaching, do you understand?
The Lord said, "As you see these days approaching, as you see the time getting shorter, as you see my Son is standing on the door, it's time for you to come up higher, higher, higher with the fire.
Great revival is coming in your churches.
It's time.
Be prepared for what's about to take place.
Don't wait until you start seeing it take place to start in the race.
" Do you understand?
You can't wait until you start seeing them coming.
You've got to prepare for them to come now.
Kind of like what Pastor Chip said: we've got to build the building now.
Why?
What's the urgency right now?
For the harvest.
They're coming, but you can't wait to build the building then.
You've got to build it now to get ready to catch them with big gloves, big nets.
Preparation time for the harvest.
We have a window.
They're coming.
The finances are coming to build the structures to do what you've got to do.
We don't have a lot of time.
The Lord said, "You're running out of time.
Believe me for bigger.
" It's time to expect Him for what you thought was impossible.
I'm hearing it.
It's time to believe for what you thought is impossible.
You'll have to resist healing in the days ahead.
Say, "I don't want it.
" That's what I'm talking about.
That's how easy it is—like picking ripe cherries off a tree.
Flowing in the spirit, just like brother Hagin when he heard it, flowing in the spirit will be like a bird flying in the air, or fish swimming in the water.
It's effortless.
This is what we're called to do.
This is us flowing in the spirit in the days ahead.
When you're flowing in the spirit and you're listening to what the Holy Ghost is telling you to do on a day-to-day basis, listening and doing what He tells you, it'll be as easy as taking a breath, breathing in and doing what He's called, flowing and swimming like a fish or bird in the air, flowing in the gifts of the spirit.
You're going to see the office of the prophetic, the pastor, the teacher, the evangelist, the apostle.
You're going to see the ministry like we've never seen it before, a blowing on the pastoral gift like you've never seen it before.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say this: "You're going to see people operating in the pastor's gift and all of the five-fold ministry moving in like a rope that's tied together.
And you're going to see it, and as it's pulled tight, you're going to see the manifestation with the glory of God move on all five ministries—all five, but they'll be like one.
" And we've never seen the ministries move like this together.
No, I'm talking about all of them moving with great victory, in unity.
One accord.
Going together.
That's what I'm seeing.
It will be beautiful.
He said, "Remember my symphony.
As you hear the trumpets play and the bass plays, and they make beautiful music together, everyone brings their supply.
And as you bring your supply, it sounds beautiful together.
One's not more important than the other, but the chimes and it all makes beautiful music together.
" That's what He wants us to operate as—a body moving together as a family.
That's why I say, "Welcome, good morning, family.
" A family that is like an orchestra playing their part.
You've got the tuba section, you've got the drums, you've got everybody, and we're all playing our part.
And the Lord says what is about to happen you have never seen before.
Not one is greater.
No showboating.
It's just a body moving together.
That's what I'm seeing right now in the spirit.
I see a beautiful symphony of what He intended all along.
No ego.
We attract to deflect.
Yes, we give it to Him, but we flow together.
Why?
To bring in all these people that are lost out here.
That's what He's saying.
There's billions of them.
They're dying and going to hell.
Forget yourself for a moment and just get excited about what He's about to do through you.
Oh, hallelujah.
Are you all excited about what's about to take place?
The greatest move of God, the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God is about to hit this when Adam's lease is up.
Watch.
We're praying over certain time frames.
He said, 'Pray over these.
These are your cues.
But you'll see the beginning.
First the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
You're going to already start to see the first blade right now.
We're already walking in it.
It's already starting to rain.
Do you feel the rain?
It's the Holy Ghost rain.
It's beginning to rain.
You need to know that it's beginning now.
We're not waiting.
We're receiving it now.
I believe the rain is on me.
I'm believing it right now.
I receive.
I'm standing underneath that fire, that Holy Ghost waterfall.
Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest.
Take and drink.
Drink of Him.
Drink.
Father, I thank you.
Thank you, Lord.
You said you'd give us rest today.
Every one of these people is believing for rest today.
They need a refreshing today.
Father, I believe that there's a refreshing for them today.
The Lord said, 'Get back underneath that river.
' How long have I been doing this?
An hour and 45 minutes.
Okay.
Are they enjoying this?
Do they like the flow?
Yeah.
5.
1.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the Holy Ghost flow.
Thank you, Lord.
I appreciate you all being here today.
We're making great headway.
I'm telling you, I feel it.
We're pushing for the revival.
We're pushing for this.
There's a change that's coming in a 24-hour period.
Everything you've ever known is going to change.
The way we move as a church, everything's going to change.
The Lord said, 'There's an expiration date to what we've known.
' The Lord keeps telling me, he said, 'Brandon, there's an expiration date.
' What is that?
It's the point of no return.
It's time to push.
The baby's coming, son.
Do you understand?
It's like labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
It's time to push.
The Lord said it's time to push.
You're at the point of no return.
You can't get an epidural, you know what I'm saying?
You're at that point.
It's time to push.
The Lord told me in a 24-hour period, everything's going to change.
It's time to believe Him.
It's time to believe for big healings and demonstrations for finances, everything we need to bring in this harvest.
There's a harvest coming.
But He said, 'This is it.
This is what we've all been waiting for.
We're the great finale.
' Everybody says, 'Oh, Brandon, I've heard that before.
' No, I'm telling you.
We are the great finale.
We're the whipped cream and the cherry on top.
We're the great finale.
Hallelujah.
Do you all believe it?
I want you to be believing believers for what He's about to do.
The great wells of revival—He's uncapping the great well of revival.
It was capped off for a season from the tent meetings from Jack Coe and Roberts and Kathryn Kuhlman, and everybody said, 'What happened?
' It wasn't happening very much in America.
I'm telling you, there was a cap on it.
I saw a cap.
And the Lord said, 'I'm removing the cap.
But not only are you going to drink from this well, Brandon, but they're going to go to the depth of the bottom of it.
And those are deep wells—deep wells there.
It's not a shallow well of five feet; we're talking a major well of revival.
' It's time to believe for what you go, 'Oh, God, here am I.
Use me, Lord.
' And then the other part was, 'Don't become familiar with what I'm about to do.
Don't take it for granted.
' You say, 'Oh, it's just another healing, it's just...
' Don't become desensitized when you start to see the manifestations of His glory.
'Well, you know, I heard that we had five people get raised from the dead a couple of weeks ago.
' Are you kidding me?
He's holy.
Everything He's going to do in these last days, don't be light with it.
Always give Him glory and praise, even if it's a hangnail.
'Well, they got, you know, the lady broke her toe and it got healed.
Well, you know, that's not a big deal.
I'm waiting for another dead raising.
' Give Him praise for everything.
What you're about to see, give Him praise for everything.
Stillborn babies are coming back to life right now.
I just heard it.
I'm talking about the dead babies in the womb.
There's something wrong with the baby in the womb right now, and the Lord said He's touching that mother's stomach right now.
You haven't felt your baby kick and you've been worried, and you think there's something wrong in the natural.
And the Lord told me He's raising that baby right now.
There's supernatural healing power flowing through your womb right now, and you've been worried about it today.
There's something going on.
You've been going, 'What's going on?
' You have a baby.
The Lord's touching that child right now.
The Lord is touching that child right now in Jesus' name.
Everything's okay, mama.
Everything's okay.
The Lord said everything's okay.
It's going to kick right now.
I call kick, kick!
Move!
Life be!
Everything's okay.
Peace, be still.
You're okay.
Everything's okay.
The Lord said, 'Everything's okay.
Be at peace today.
' That's what I just saw.
I don't know who that was for, but I just saw it.
Thank you, Lord.
I love moving in the gifts of the Holy Spirit when He's showing me things like that.
I saw a baby not moving in there, and the mama's upset about it, and she's been worried.
And the Lord said, 'Peace, be still, hun.
' We're going to push one more time today.
We're going to push one more time today, and there are things He's wanting to say.
And then He said, 'Then you can be done for today.
' There's one more push.
There's one more push of what He's wanted to do.
Okay, that's what I just heard Him say.
And then I see, okay, it's about the persecution of Christians over in the Middle East.
I see our brothers and sisters in Iran and these areas over there.
I see persecution.
He said, 'Pray for them.
' And this is in Africa.
I see people being slain.
I'm talking about major things that are not being put on the news.
They're being heavily persecuted.
He said, 'Pray for them, everyone.
' I sent angels.
I sent angels of the Lord.
The angels of the Lord are camped around our brothers and sisters.
They are angels of the Lord.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh.
Father, they're bold in their faith.
For persecution comes for the word's sake.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you give us great protection.
I see hostages.
I see like they're holding these women and these children hostages.
I see they're African-American women.
They're African women and African-American children.
And these women are Christian.
These are Christian people.
These children are Christians.
And this is in Africa, these are African people.
Okay.
They're asking for help today.
We call you to release them right now.
You release these people right now.
You release them in the name of Jesus.
You release them.
Turn your guns on yourself, then let them go.
Let them go.
Let them go in Jesus' name.
Oh, lay them down.
Get them off of these people.
I see them.
They're pointing them on these women, these children, these men, these bullies.
Oh, Father, I thank you that angels of the Lord manifest.
Angel of the Lord, manifest more on behalf of these children and these women right now.
I don't know who these people are, but they're on their knees.
And I see them.
They're crying on their knees.
I see these children.
I see them.
I see you, brothers and sisters.
I see you.
Oh, I see the men.
They hurt the men.
Oh, I see around over there.
I see it.
They hurt those men.
Oh, Father God, oh, we thank you, Lord, that you release these women, these children in this village, whoever this is.
We thank you, Lord.
We have authority over these demonic spirits that are maneuvering in these men right now.
I bind you in Jesus' name.
Release these children and release these women right now in Jesus' name.
I take authority over these demonic spirits that are trying to raise up in them.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood, Lord.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have authority to tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
And we stand in the gap.
We stand on the wall.
And we pray for those women and those children right now.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that you protect them.
I thank you, Lord, that it's not too big for you or you wouldn't show it to me.
You wouldn't show it to me.
But Lord, as we pray, we believe.
As we pray, we believe.
Father, it's not defeated.
And I believe you can raise those people from the dead right now.
Those men from the dead.
I believe you can touch those men right now, Lord, lying in that dirt.
I see them there.
Yep.
I believe, Father, that you can raise them from the dead, to spook these guys out.
Send your angels, Lord.
Send your angels, Lord, right now in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I call peace over those children today.
I call peace over them.
I call peace over those little kids right now.
I see them.
I call peace over them.
Hush, now it's okay.
Peace over the trauma.
Oh, Father, oh Father, over these children.
Oh, Father, the children.
We call, Father, the law of your love.
We release them now.
Release them now.
Thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
Glory to God.
Oh man, when you see what I just saw, it's very, very heavy.
But I know that our Father's working on our behalf right now.
We thank you, Lord.
I don't know who these women are, Lord, but I thank you, Lord, that everything the devil meant for bad, God, you're turning it for good for them.
We stand on the wall.
We pray for our brothers and sisters in Africa.
Persecution.
I see it so heavy.
They're precious.
They're so precious.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, that your warring angels would war on behalf of them.
We send them now in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for justice for what those men did.
I thank you, Lord, that you could even raise those men from the dead.
I thank you, Lord.
I see like a red dirt.
I see these trees.
They look like mesquite trees, and they're in like this hut that has no roof to it over here to the side.
It looks like there's half a roof and there's like an opening here and there's like a wall right here that looks like it's made either out of some kind of gray wood or concrete.
I'm trying to make it out when I'm looking in this vision right now.
But I see the group of kids and there's at least ten of these children and there's a group of women.
They're on their knees and they're praying right now.
That's what I was looking at.
I was looking at a group of women and the men are deceased.
They're right over here and I could see them really clear.
And that's why we're praying for these people, just letting you know how real it is to me.
But I trust him that he's got this or he wouldn't show it to us, right?
It's not there to cause fear.
It's there so we pray and help them.
People go through so much.
Jesus, I thank you, Lord, that you're sending your angels right now.
I thank you, Lord, that you're sending your angels right now.
You're warring on our behalf right now.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father.
Y'all agree with me.
They're going to get freed.
I'm thankful that they kept them alive so far.
You know, that's a blessing.
I'm thankful.
But, Father, I thank you that you bring those men back to life.
Glory to God.
So we just trust you.
We trust you, Lord.
We trust you, Lord, for moving on their behalf.
We just thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, right now.
There's a lot of people praying and we're all believing you right now that these people are free.
I don't know who they are, but you've got this.
Thank you, Father.
I don't feel quite released on it yet.
Oh, the glory of your presence.
We, your people, give you reverence.
We thank you, Lord, that you're moving on our behalf right now.
You're moving on our behalf.
So arise from your rest and be blessed by our praise, and we glory in your embrace as your presence now fills this place.
Oh, the glory of your presence.
We, your people, give you reverence.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
The anointing is so strong right now and I can feel it.
And this is all over me.
I believe breakthrough is coming for them.
Glory, glory, holy, holy is the Lord.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord, for you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb upon the throne and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
You're the lamb upon the throne.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Oh, worthy, worthy, worthy is the Lord.
For you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb upon the throne and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
You're the lamb upon the throne.
For you are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the lamb upon the throne and unto you we lift our voice in praise.
You're the lamb upon the throne.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Holy, I believe we have breakthrough for them.
Hallelujah.
His presence is so wonderful.
In his presence there is fullness of joy and everything you may need.
No matter what it may be, he wants to meet you at the point of your need today.
But I would be amiss if you're watching this broadcast right now and I don't introduce you to my friend.
All of this is for nothing if you don't know him—all of it.
Today's your day for salvation.
Today's the day.
If you're here and you're watching right now and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, you may not have another opportunity.
This may be your last call.
For he said, 'I'm giving one last call to the lost, Brandon.
I'm leaving the 99 and I'm going after the one.
' Are you the one today?
You're here.
You've been backsliding.
You feel that?
Well, 'I'm desperate.
I'm having a hard day today.
' But you've been far away from the Lord for quite some time.
But you just happen to click on this video and you don't even know why you're here.
Let me tell you why you're here.
Jesus is giving you one last time.
Could be you don't get your life straight.
You're on drugs.
You're doing everything.
You might step over.
You might be in prison.
He's giving you this window.
Do you understand?
Who knows what tomorrow brings?
All I know is we have right now.
And if you feel that scratching on the inside of you, you feel the presence of the Lord telling you He's drawing you.
It says in the Bible that no man comes unto the Father unless he's drawn by Him.
The Holy Spirit will draw you to Him.
And you feel that right now.
You feel that inward tug, and you're saying, "I don't know what to do with this.
" Yeah, it's time to come home.
"Well, I used to know Him.
I used to know Him, Brandon.
I used to be saved when I was little.
I remember when I gave my heart to Jesus back then, but I've fallen away.
I've been living wild as a wildcat.
Whatever.
I've got so much baggage now.
He'll never accept me back.
" Oh yes, He will.
Oh yes, He will.
It's just like the prodigal son.
He went out and spent all his dad's inheritance out there and went acting dumb, lying with the pigs.
And he came to himself, and he said, "Why am I doing this?
I could go back and be a servant in my dad's house.
Why am I doing this?
" So he comes back, and his dad is waiting with his robe, and he's ready to kill the fatted calf and to celebrate his son's return.
Today is a celebration for you.
The moment you confess your sins is not when Jesus found out about it.
That's the moment you got rid of it.
You may have all this stuff that you're going through, and you're watching this right now, and you're saying, "Brandon, I need help.
I'm strung out on drugs.
I'm strung out on porn.
I'm strung out on alcohol.
I'm strung out on all these things, and I need help today.
" Well, you came to the right place.
Jesus can help you.
Brandon can't.
Jesus can help you, but you came to a person.
I pray for you, and I'll stand with you.
And I believe as we lift your head up to the Lord, you say, "Jesus, forgive me.
" Now, if you're here right now and this is speaking to you, and you're far from the Lord and you're ready to come home, we want to pray with you.
And as Jesus died publicly, I want you to do something publicly.
I want you to put in that comment section right now, put down below, "I want to be saved.
" And when I count to three, the Holy Spirit's going to move on you.
And I'm telling you, right now is the day of salvation for you.
I believe that today is your time of coming back to the Lord.
Or you may not know Him at all.
And you're here, and you're like, "Man, what is this guy doing on here?
" We're praying.
And I'm telling you, this is a relationship.
It's personal to me.
I'm not talking about religion, folks.
I'm not talking about joining up with the Catholic Church, or the Baptist church, or the Methodist church.
I'm not talking about being charismatic or non-denominational.
I'm talking about a personal relationship with my friend Jesus.
He died for you, and He wants to be your friend today.
He wants to be your Savior, but you have to accept Him by faith, and you have to confess your sins, and you have to ask Him to be your Lord and Savior today.
So, I'm going to say a prayer for you right now, but I'm going to count to three, and I want you to tell everybody in the comment section down below.
Tell them, say, "I want to be saved today.
I want to be saved today.
" "Brandon, I just need to be saved today.
I don't want to keep living this way anymore.
" The very shoes you put on to go to work today or to the store today, the undertaker might be taking them off, and you may not make it home.
You don't know what tomorrow brings, but I'm going to tell you, you have now.
Now is the time of salvation.
Now is the time.
Now.
So, as I say it, one, two, three.
Make your decision right now.
"I need to be saved.
" Right now, feel that.
Tell us down below, "I need to be saved.
" Tell us right now.
We'll stand with you, and we're going to pray with you.
There's nothing too big for God to forgive.
It doesn't matter how bad you've messed up.
God's waiting with His arms wide open.
And we're here praying for you.
We're here praying for you.
It's not a coincidence that you're here today.
God drew you here today.
So, we're going to pray this prayer right now.
Diana and I are going to agree with you.
You may be watching this back later.
Who knows?
I just know that there's somebody out there the Lord told me to say this for.
Say, "Father, I'm a sinner, and I need a Savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died, and You rose again on the third day.
I believe You're seated at the Father making intercession for me right now.
Jesus, forgive me of whatever it needs to be that's between you and Him.
Forgive me, Lord, for doing this or that, whatever.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Today, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And as of this day forward, I serve You.
I'm sold out.
I'm all in.
I want to serve You from this day forward.
I don't want any more of what the world has, of the sin and all this stuff.
I just want You, Jesus.
I want You.
Thank you, Lord, that You forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, that You said, 'If I confess my sins, You are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
' The Bible says, 'With the heart confession is made unto salvation.
' You've got to say it with your mouth.
You've got to say it out of your heart.
You've got to believe with your heart.
You've got to believe it.
And I believe today you've been born again.
I believe the angels in heaven are rejoicing.
I believe that the great cloud of witnesses is rejoicing.
We're all rejoicing.
We're excited for you, and we're thankful that you came home today.
There ain't nobody condemning you.
We just want to love on you.
Now, how do you do this Christian walk, Brandon?
You get a Bible.
You let this word of God change you from the inside out.
You find a Bible-believing church.
Usually, I would say non-denominational is which one I would go to.
Tell them, say, "I got born again watching a YouTube broadcast, and I gave my heart to Jesus today watching some guy praying in another language I never heard of, and I need to get water baptized.
I need to get water baptized.
" Tell them you want to get water baptized there.
And that's the first step.
That's one of the big steps.
And then pray every day.
Come to our channel, pray with us, and we just want to rejoice with you.
We're not here to beat you down.
We're here to lift you up and tell you Jesus has a plan for your life.
These are exciting times ahead.
These are glorious days because guess what?
I believe now you have your ticket to heaven.
And these are good days ahead for you.
The past is gone.
"Behold, I make all things new" is what He said.
He doesn't remember any of your sins.
As far as the east is from the west, He doesn't remember any of it.
He said He has cast them into the sea of forgetfulness.
And as of today, you're a new creature created in Christ Jesus.
It's all by grace.
You can't earn it.
Something you can't earn and something you don't deserve, salvation is by grace.
He loves you.
And He's ready with His arms wide open.
He said, "Come on home, son.
Come on home, daughter.
I love you.
" So, we rejoice with you today.
Now, you say, "Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
You just told me to read my Bible.
I don't have any way to—I'm living paycheck to paycheck.
We're barely making it in this household.
" Well, you won't be for long.
We believe that those days are done.
God's going to start giving you ideas.
Now, listen, because you are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost as it is right now, but you've got to read this Bible.
So, you say, "I can't afford a Bible.
" Well, Diana, my wife right now—she's the quiet one next to me—we're going to send you a Bible for free from Amazon.
So, you just tell us in the description down below.
Yeah, our email is in the description down below.
And if you'll just put in the subject line the title, say, 'I just got saved and I need a Bible.
I can't afford one.
' And we will put your address in the description, and we will only use that to send you the Bible.
We won't ever contact you again.
We won't spam you or anything else.
It's just simply to get the Bible to you and just to love on you, to say congratulations on your decision today.
And we have the King James Version, the New King James Version, the Amplified, the New Living Translation, and the NIV.
Those are the ones we offer.
So, if you look online and you see one, you need to understand what you're reading.
So, if you have a preference, just let us know.
Otherwise, we'll just get one in the mail to you.
Well, hallelujah.
We rejoice with you as you made your decision today to serve Jesus.
I must choose to follow Jesus.
No turning back, no turning back.
It's good.
I'm excited for him.
It is exciting.
Thank you for joining us today on our broadcast.
I know I don't usually do this in the morning.
I usually do this in the evening, but I felt the tug of the Lord saying to do it this morning.
There's somebody watching that needed this today, especially about the babies and all the healings that took place today.
I believe there's a lot of you that got healed.
If you just tell us, email us and let us know if that was you and your dog came home.
That was really cool, whoever that was that lost their dog and couldn't find it.
I thought, 'Isn't that neat?
God would care even about that dog.
' We're so grateful.
I wait on the anointing because when it gets in the river, you just be patient and then when it tugs and then he wants to tell us.
We're praying over the buoy, there are big earthquakes and all these things.
There's a lot of things the Lord showed us.
We pray for a de-escalation.
Thank you, I got my grammar police here.
They're good, they help me out because, y'all, I'm telling you, certain words get stuck.
But we're believing God for that.
That's what we're believing for.
Yes.
In the war when it comes to Zelensky because I'm telling you all this is a very important week.
This is a very important week.
You don't understand, it's rice paper thin of what the Lord showed me.
I saw it and I was laying in my bed and the Lord said to me, he said, 'Brandon, a world war, WW3, a great acceleration of war is about to come and you must pray.
You're running out of time.
' And this was out of my sleep.
He woke me up and so I started interceding in the middle of the night, praying for this.
And so, there are warnings.
He told us these things would come, folks—birthing pains.
This is it, the beginning of sorrows.
We're living in it.
We're living in the last days.
It's amazing to be here.
He chose you and me to be a part of this.
It's exciting.
Out of anybody that could have been here, he chose you and he chose me.
And he said, 'I saved the best for last.
This was the best I had.
This is the best for last.
' So we give God all the glory, honor, and praise for choosing us.
Well, if you're going to be around a meeting, look for the itinerary for Billy Burke and support him.
I always try to tell y'all because, I'm telling you, I told you about Megan and all the things.
We don't give Billy Burke the praise, we give Jesus the praise, but God used Billy Burke and we always want to support him.
I'm telling you, I'd give the man the shirt off my back because when you go through what we went through so many times with Megan and you see breakthrough, you never forget the people who helped pray you through things.
Never.
You always honor them.
You honor the people who go through the trenches with you.
And you're not alone here.
We're here to pray for you.
We've been there at the bottom of the barrel.
Like Brother Hagin said, we've been at the bottom of the barrel and the barrel is on top of us.
I know, I've been there.
But we're all a work in progress.
Some of us are further along than others, but whenever you see somebody that has a little more polish than you, you try to learn how they got there.
That's what I say.
I told D, 'We've got to learn.
' They got there and they've been doing this for longer and they're still in ministry; you better learn from them because they won't always be here if the Lord tarries.
They'll go home.
So you better go grab on to them like Sister Billye's and Billy Burke.
I told my BBs, I got my BBs: Billy Burke, Billy Brim.
And his meetings have been some of the most powerful times I've had in the Holy Spirit.
And like I was telling Brandon, whenever you get a touch from the Lord and you're laying out on the floor, you want to get up a different person.
You don't want to just—and I'm desperate for change.
I'm desperate not just to get up the same person, but to get up for that lasting change, that Holy Ghost inside of you that just reverberates and changes you from glory to glory.
And that's the kind of touch that I need.
And that's what we've seen.
Yep.
I think that what she's talking about is that we see so much in church, the courtesy falls.
Yeah.
You know, you watch Charismatic TV and I just go, 'This is all...
' I don't like the show.
I don't go for the show.
I want a real experience with my real God.
Christian television is bad to me.
I'm like, 'I wonder how many people watch Christian television nowadays, versus who watches YouTube.
' How many people are just hungry and desperate for the real?
I want authentic.
I get tired of—I don't want showboating.
It's like, just be real.
You know, everybody has real issues with real needs and real stuff going on in their life, and people just need to be real right now.
Let's be like—there's no Hollywood celebrity Christianity stuff.
Now, if I feel a warning about something before I go to church, do you think, 'Well, Brandon's acting like he's a Hollywood celebrity' or what?
No, it's because God already told me something's wrong beforehand.
He said, 'You need to leave now.
Leave early.
You need to come early and leave late' or whatever.
And he always instructed me, but I'm always listening.
So if you think, 'Well, he's being rude,' no, there's something about the conversation he doesn't want me having.
So he warns me ahead of time.
But I understand sometimes people have ulterior motives.
But the Lord wants authentic, and ministering to folks, trying to be a blessing.
Now, he'll protect you and he'll show you, 'Don't do this.
' And they don't even know.
That's why I said when you are watching, you see days in advance the Lord will say, 'This is what I'm trying to warn you about.
' I say, 'Okay.
' I love how personal he'll be with every single one of you.
He wants to be.
Don't you understand?
You want God to be real to you.
Is anybody hungry for just authentic and what's real with God?
Not celebrity, all this stuff, performance.
There's no performance.
A fervent prayer of the righteous availeth much.
And I had to have her look up what a fervent prayer of the righteous means, because I was like, 'What does that mean?
' That means enthusiastic.
And what that means is you get the job done, basically.
In simple terms, old country boy terms, being radical about your prayer.
Not going, 'Oh, God...
' No, I'm talking about praying like you mean it.
Let it come up out of your belly like that river of living water, coming up out of your belly, and let the Holy Ghost flow.
He's not passive.
Jesus, I don't know, should we listen to Him today?
Are our heavenly accounts kind of running low?
No, He has the cattle on a thousand hills.
His storehouses are full.
You know, when I went to heaven and I was standing on the edge of heaven, let me tell you something before we go—this will bless you.
There were storehouses full of body parts.
There were storehouses of green eyes, black eyes, brown eyes, all kinds of different eyes, and they were all in these silos.
And they were full of different things that He had for His people if you believe Him.
I'm talking about black arms, red arms, white arms, all kinds of parts: legs, kidneys, spleens, whatever you may need.
You know what I'm saying?
They were in these silos.
But not only that, there were big baskets full of coins, gold that was being poured out on the earth for this last harvest.
And the Lord told me—I told Him when I was there and I looked around, I said, 'What is it you're showing me?
' and I could see the silos full.
He said, 'This is for the last harvest.
This is it.
This is the final hurrah.
' And these massive angels were pouring out stuff.
And I saw bicycles because I said, 'What's a bicycle there for?
' He goes, 'Some people do not believe for a car, Brandon.
Some people are believing for a bicycle, but it's something I'm showing you.
There are bicycles.
' And I saw a massive wave, and it was at a breaking point, and there were angels on chariots of fire behind the wave, and I said, 'Lord, what is that?
' They were all in a line and they had packages on the back of these chariots of fire with these angels.
And these angels—what was that?
Did you hear that?
I saw angels when I said that.
That was awesome.
I heard something; it caught me off guard there for a second.
Praise the Lord.
What was I saying?
Oh, on the back of these chariots of fire with all these angels.
They were dressed all alike, these angels were, and they had armor on, and they were waiting for the instruction to deliver those packages.
And I said, 'Lord, what were those packages?
' He says, 'Those are end-time mantles that have never been seen before.
For what I'm going to do on the earth in this last outpouring will be something you've never seen before.
Expect the unusual.
' People are used to people falling out, touching people and they fall out and everything, and they shake on the ground.
I'm talking about different stuff we've never seen before—a Holy Ghost whirlwind.
I'm talking about an actual wind in the auditorium with people's hair moving.
I saw it—giftings of things we've never seen before on the back of these.
And He said, 'I'm distributing.
' And that's what happened when Sister Billye Brim told us she saw it.
And she said, 'The gifts are being distributed on the body as a gift, as you give gifts to your kids during the Christmas season.
' He said, 'I'm giving gifts of blessings on My people.
' Now, people get all upset about Christmas, and they get bent all out of shape saying it's a pagan holiday.
You know, I celebrate Jesus.
I celebrate Jesus, and I celebrate His birthday.
If you don't want to celebrate that time, I always say if you don't want to celebrate that timeframe, then celebrate Him sometime because He deserves it.
And I just choose to do it whenever the world does.
I said, 'We're going to give God glory up in here.
We're going to worship Him here.
' But I saw those gifts being distributed now.
They came as a seed.
I have to say that they came as a seed, and they're springing forth as first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
So that was six months ago, seven months ago.
So those seeds of cultivation, there are things happening now.
Not everybody received their package because some of the packages went back up.
And He said they weren't ready for it.
They rejected it because He's a gentleman.
God doesn't come and beat you in the head and say you've got to do something.
He gives us free will.
But if you're willing and you say, 'God, here am I,' He's going to use you in these last days.
But I saw those packages being distributed out.
And I'm telling you, the blade is coming up out of that soil right now.
I've seen it, the seed.
And it's time.
It's time.
We're about to see a 24-hour change, a major change.
And this will be something that happens, and it will be so major that you're going to feel it in the spirit realm.
You're going to go, 'What has happened?
' A major shifting is coming.
And they say, 'Well, it's always coming, Brandon.
It's always coming.
' No, I'm talking about—I'm living in it now.
You're seeing first the blade now.
It's time to start walking in it now.
But you're about to see something we've never seen before.
It's time to get excited.
But I saw the outpouring of creative ideas about money, with certain investments shooting like a rocket ship up.
It needed fuel in it, and whenever the fuel funded the church, it went and it shot up off the launcher.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1, NASA, we have liftoff.
You know, and that's where we're at right now.
Something major is about to happen.
And that's why I was telling you about the three-and-a-half-year window.
He said, 'I'm giving you a window.
I'm giving you a window, Brandon, for a major harvest.
' Now, a lot of people want to go home in September.
If we do, then praise God.
But I'm telling you, He told me, 'I'm coming back for a church that's not ready to retreat.
I'm coming back for a church who's on fire, and I didn't create the armor for running away, for retreat.
I created it to take dominion and authority.
' Yes, a lot of people are into escapism.
They want to say, 'Oh, we got to get out of here.
It's getting bad.
' No, He said, 'Have a backbone like a crowbar and take dominion and authority in these last days, and be a church without spot or wrinkle and do the things,' because a spot and a wrinkle was demonic oppression and sin.
People were walking in compromise and doing things, and they had demonic oppression, and they're walking around and they've got critters on them and they go, 'Well, it's okay.
' No, it's not okay.
God called you to be a whole man—spirit, mind, soul, and body, just like Oral Roberts.
It's the whole thing about Oral Roberts University: 'Create the whole man.
' God wants us to walk in wholeness, not in defeat.
But I'm telling you, He's going after your loved ones.
There are a lot of you praying grandmas and praying mamas out there that are going, 'I don't want Johnny to go to hell.
' He's not; we're praying, and they're going to come home.
'I don't want Sister Susie to go to hell.
' Whoever—I'm just saying the names, but I'm just saying whoever it is—interceding and praying and believing it, interceding like Abraham did for Lot.
'I'm not letting them go to hell.
We're going to bring them out.
We're going to pray them in.
' Yes, we're going to get them.
He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one, ladies and gentlemen.
Well, I've said enough today.
I pray this video blessed y'all.
I wanted to tell you, Jesus loves you.
Jesus loves you so much, and He has a plan for your life.
Thank you for being a part of our YouTube broadcast.
We don't ever ask you for anything, but we do ask you for this: please do this for me.
Like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
I pray you would have already done it because it helps with the algorithm, especially on live streams.
But like, subscribe, click the notification bell.
Do that for us because we really need it.
We really do need it.
Thank you for being a part of our YouTube broadcast.
We were so excited.
We got over 1,218 people born again.
Yes.
Isn't that amazing?
We're so excited.
And we've counted more.
There's a whole lot more.
I'll tell you more about the next round of people that got saved on the other channels.
But we wanted to do this live broadcast for you today just to love on y'all and tell you there's hope.
Jesus loves you so much, y'all.
Jesus loves you so much.
And there's such a great future for us.
It's going to be so light in Canaan and it'll be so dark in Egypt.
And people are going to go, "What is so different about them?
There's so much difference about them.
" Why?
It's because it's Jesus.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Thank you for joining us today.
Bye-bye.